Include shift-jis as a logfile encoding option (#12709)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection.md

**Note**: The Agent requires read and execute permissions on a directory to list all the available files in it.

## Logfile Encodings

> Without other configuration, the the Datadog Agent assumes that logs are encoded in UTF-8. If application logs are written in a different encoding, users can configure the encoding so that the logs are parsed as expected in the [Logs Explorer][4]. Use the `encoding` parameter in the logs configuration section. The supported values are given below. Any other value will be ignored and the Agent will read the file as UTF8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Datadog Agent assumes that logs use UTF-8 encoding. If your application logs use a different encoding, specify the `encoding` parameter in the logs configuration setting.

The list below gives the supported encoding values. If you provide an unsupported value, the Agent ignores the value and reads the file as UTF-8.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
